*Personality Trait:* I lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to, so long as I won't get caught. \
*Personality Trait:* I am incredibly slow to trust and make friends. You never know how someone will react when they learn the truth, so it's better to view them as useful tools or targets. \
*Ideal:* Anarchy - Society is broken, and it must be torn down before it can be fixed (Chaotic) \
*Bond:* My mentor was arrested. I would do anything to free him. \
*Flaw:* If people are going to assume I'm going to be deceitful because I'm a changeling, I may as well be. They deserve it. \
*Flaw:* My hatred for the Path and my drive to destroy them gives me a frightening level of tunnel vision, ignoring morals along with everything else. \
*Harrowing Event:* A monster that slaughtered dozens of innocent people spared my life, and I don’t know why. 

**Backstory:** \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Vry was born Silaqui Amastacia in the city of {City Name} in {Province1}. Her father was a High Elf named Erdan Amastacia. He was an incredible warrior, a master of the long bow and the double bladed scimitar. Her mother went by the name Thia Amastacia, but was secretly a changeling named Tay. She was a cleric of {Some God}, a Good person who had fallen in love with Erdan after healing him, and disguised herself as an Elf so that she could woo him. The two of them fell in love, and eventually had a child; Silaqui. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Due to not being a true elf, Silaqui was subpar at many of the elven skills that her father attempted to teach her, particularly archery. This problem was made worse by the elven expectation of only 4 hours of rest due to trance. Despite inheriting her father's incredible ability with the scimitar, her father was often disapointed in her, and was not very good at hiding this fact. When she was 8 years old, she discovered her changeling abilities, and, after a particularly poor archery lesson, showed them to her father, in hope that he would be impressed or proud of her. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; However, her father did not know of his wife's true nature, and when he discovered that his daughter was a changeling, he realized his wife's deceit. He forced them to both leave, and told none of his fellow elves, due to the shame it would cause him. All they knew was that Silaqui's mother had run off with her. Silaqui's true nature was explained to her, and she was given a new name, her changeling name; Vry. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her mother took to a wandering life style, vowing to never hide her true nature again. She traveled from town to town, meeting assisting however she could with her cleric abilities. However, many were fearful or mistrusting of the cleric, and Vry saw all of this mistreatment. Despite this, her mother was accepted by some, and even found a new lover at one point, who she ended up pregnant from. The pair traveled until the child was born. A young changeling girl, who Tay named {Nim's Original Name}. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One night, in {Village Name}, a small village in Vol, a powerful monster attacked, and began slaughtering the townsfolk. It ignored Vry and her little sister. Vry's Mother sacrificed herself fighting the monster, using her abilities to drive it away, but not before the monster was able to leave a mortal wound. The terrified towns people, seeing that the monster disappeared when the Magical Changeling died, and that Vry and {Nim's Original Name} were unscathed, assumed Vry's mother was the monster, and turned on the pair, running them out of town. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Vry ran into the forest, got lost, but eventually gathered her bearings enough to set up a small makeshift camp in a small cave, based on her experience with her mother. This cave was actually within the domain of a small wood elf tribe, who knew the cave was infested with various goblinoids. When Vry went out to find food, the camp was found by an elven patrol. Upon finding the baby alone in a seemingly abandoned camp in goblin territory, they took the child in, and returned to their base. Vry returned to her camp with a few berries, and saw a bugbear sitting at her smoldering fire, its hands covered in blood, finishing a meal. Vry, noticing only the blood on the bugbear's hands and the missing baby, assumed the worst, and ran, crying. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;She ran for a long time, before reaching a road, where she saw a red man with the horns of a devil wearing a long dark cloak. In fear, she instinctually shapeshifted to match his own race, figuring that the devil she saw before her would leave her alone if she looked like him. However, he quickly spotted the crying child, and walked over. That tiefling was Sacramento, a wandering adventurer and alchemist. He was on the road at this time because his God, the Traveler, had led him there. Sacramento took in the poor girl, and raised her for many years. He taught her Infernal, and began training her in the arcane art of alchemy. He also taught her of the Traveler, the God of Chaos, Wanderers, and Change. From him Vry learned all she knows of the Traveler, including that he is said the be the one that gave changelings their shapeshifting abilities. As Arcana, she and Sacramento developed a strong parental relationship, the first supportive father figure she had ever had. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On Vry's 18th birthday, Sacramento and Arcana stayed the night in a nice tavern, where he gave her her own holy symbol of the Traveler. However, the day after, Sacramento was captured by the Diamond Path (a powerful cult of Savras who despised followers of the Traveler and many humanoid races who they believed "unclean.") He was falsely accused of Devil Worship, due simply to his race, and was convicted by a Judge who was a part of the Path. As he was escorted to jail where he would be forced to stay for life (it was believed that killing a devil worshiper might result in them summoning a devil upon their death) he told Arcana to flee. Arcana gathered Sacramento's belongs from the tavern and ran, fearful that she would be targeted next and angry at the world. As she fled, she eventually ran into a lonely cloaked figure, standing in the road, his face obscured. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;She noticed that her holy symbol began to glow as she approached this strange person, and slowed to a halt. From a grinning mouth barely visible beneath the cloak, she was given an offer: "If you will destroy the Path, and the System that convicted our mutual friend, I will grant you the power to do it..." \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;She realized who the figure was, the Traveler, and, filled with anger at those who had scorned her mother for her nature, those who had taken Sacramento from her for his ancestry, and at fate itself for all the torment she had endured, she readily accepted the Pact. The Traveler granted her power, and faded away. She disguised herself as a human cleric, returning to the town to learn as much as she could about the Diamond Path, before leaving to continue her travels, vowing to return once she had gained enough power to fulfill her promise. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Vry soon learned of a Wizard who had a powerful magical staff made of glass, and set off to take it for herself, where she met up with a group that would change her live forever. 
