Personality Trait: I ask a lot of questions. \
Personality Trait: I don't like to be alone. I've spend enough time alone with my thoughts for several lifetimes. \
Ideal: Greater Good. My gifts are meant to be shared with all, not used for my own benefit. (Good) \
Bond: I owe a debt I can never repay to the person who took pity on me. \
Flaw: Imposter Syndrome. I'm just a girl that got rescued by this group of incredible adventurers. I have no idea how my powers work and I've never really been in a fight. 

**Backstory:** \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was a member of the wandering Tsarai Tribe. The Tsarai elves travel the land, never staying in one place for long. We are a small tribe, who survives mostly by foraging. Once, we were near a cave, rumored to be the lair of an evil wizard, who was not there at the moment. The clan was having trouble finding food in the cold mountains, so I foolishly tried to sneak into the cave to steal something to sell so that we could eat. However, I was caught by the Stonecursed he had holding guard, and they petrified me. Eventually, he returned and attempted to turn me into a stonecursed as well, but he failed. I was left there, a statue, unable to see or hear the world around me, left with nothing but my thoughts. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I couldn't move, I couldn't see or here. It was awful. I did the only thing I could to keep myself from going mad. I entered Trance, calling forth the memories from my soul, and did not leave it for what seemed like an eternity. I lived through the lives of my past selves. The memories aren't cronological or easy to track, I never learned to control which lives came forward, so I just let myself get lost in them. I fought hundreds of battles, met thousands of people, but I don't know why I was fighting or who those people really were. I spent so much time as others that I forgot my own name. I imagine it's just another one of the many I remember being called. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then, for the first time in over five hundred years, I heard an unfamiliar voice. It jarred me. It was a girl, about the age I was when I was petrified. She was talking to me! She said she had found me, petrified, that she was going to try and cure me. I couldn't believe it. I was worried I had finally gone mad. But at least once a day, she would talk to me again. She told me about how she was traveling with party of adventurers, and what that party got up too. She told me about Ligh, a Tabaxi, some sort of cat-person, who could run as fast as the wind and stun people in a single punch while healing someone with the other hand! Sarsariph, a bowman with hair like fire who took care of a dragon! Ave the Sorcerer, who followed a Goddess of Love and Lust, who could turn invisible, read minds, and sprout angel wings and fly! Vomi, a masked girl who burned with an all-consuming radient light, swinging around an electrified dual-blade, with a mysterious dark patron. And finally, my savior, the Alchemist known as Vry. She was something called a changeling, able to change her appearance at will, going by various aliases, like Arcana and Siliqui. She made a pact with a God of Chaos after her mentor, Sacramento, was arrested by an Evil Cult known as the Diamond Path, giving her incredible abilities in combat. Now, the party has come together to fight the Path, under the name "The Inclusives." 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I listened intently, clinging to every single detail, the first new information I'd gotten in hundreds of years. She calls me "Petra." I think that is the name I will use from now on, since I forgot my old one. I look forward to the day that Vry finishes the potion that will free me from my prison, so that I can meet all these incredible people in person. 
